Updates `Modernize existing .NET applications` eBook content to .net 5.0 (#22104)
dotnet/docs: docs/architecture/modernize-with-azure-containers/modernize-existing-apps-to-cloud-optimized/when-not-to-deploy-to-windows-containers.md

- Windows infrastructure roles (DNS, DHCP, DC, NTP, PRINT, File server, IAM etc.) are not supported scenarios.

> For other not-supported scenarios and requests from the community, see the UserVoice forum for Windows Containers: <https://windowsserver.uservoice.com/forums/304624-containers>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For other nonsupported scenarios and requests from the community, see the UserVoice forum for Windows Containers: <https://windowsserver.uservoice.com/forums/304624-containers>.
```
